Download both repositories, frontend and backend

Go inside them and open terminals on both of them, and write npm i and press enter to install necessary things

In backend, open another terminal, so you have two terminals at the same path location. 
In the other one, type in node routes.js and in the second one, type in node routesCustomer.js

In the frontend terminal, type npm start

If you encounter issues, check both backend terminals, sometimes they have exceeded connection limits (couldn't fix this) 
- just restart them then

To register a customer and user, open the register form from the top bar and fill in the fields - 
check the checkbox if you want to register a manager instead, do this before you press the createbutton

To log in, press the login button in the header. Type in the username and password without checking the checkbox if you want to 
log in as a customer, or contactinfo (like email, whatever you typed in the contactinfo when you registered a manager) 
and password with the checkbox checked if you want to sign in as a manager

Manager can create restaurants and menuitems to his restaurants from the headerbuttons - just fill the forms and press the createbutton.
After successfully creating a restaurant or an item, you can upload an image to it via the imageupload buttons (Choose a file and after choosing, press the pink imageposting button)

At headers right you have a button which takes you to order management. Here you will see the orders from your restaurants. 
You can type in a deliverytime, and after that you can change the status by pressing the statusbutton a few times - 
until it disappears. These orders will disappear from the list after you go to the frontpage, update the browser and go back :)

As a customer, youi can choose a restaurant and add items from them to your shopping cart. 
In the shopping cart (headers rightmost side), you can change the amount of items you want to order. 
After you fill in the forms with the address and the payment info, you can send the order. 
You can see this order in your order history from the header button - and their info. The status will change via managers handling.

You can also filter restaurants by their names via using the searchbar and typing something there - and after going to a restaurants menu, 
you can use another searchbar to filter out items via their categories.

If you have trouble running the app, contact me via Discord or email. My email is t8vipy@students.oamk.fi - ask my Discord account from 
there if you want to or any other instructions or a video call if needed